Update announcement.md (#337)
camunda/camunda-docs-static: enterprise/content/announcement.md

__Release Date:__ 11th of January 2022

__End of Maintenance:__ 30th of June 2023 (Extended to 11th of October 2023*)

__Changes in Supported Environments:__

* Added support for `Elasticsearch` 7.16.2+
* Note: `Elasticsearch` 7.16.0 and 7.16.1 are known to not work with Optimize because of the following [regression](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/issues/81696)
* *Extension of maintenance

>   * Camunda does NOT officially support OpenSearch, but until Optimize 3.7 it was technically possible to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Camunda does NOT officially support OpenSearch, but it was technically possible to use it with Optimize 3.7.
```
"until" implies that it stopped working with 3.7

>   * For the benefit of our Optimize customers using OpenSearch we do extend the maintenance of the 3.7 release by 3 months to October 2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * For the benefit of our Optimize customers using OpenSearch we have extended the maintenance of the 3.7 release by 3 months to October 2023.
```

>   * In October 2023, we plan to deliver 3.11, including OpenSearch support and a direct migration from 3.7 to 3.11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * In October 2023, we plan to deliver 3.11, which will include OpenSearch support and a direct migration from 3.7 to 3.11.
```
